
Background
----------
Found this site via an email from Thrivent that led to a webinar entitled "Your Enneagram and Money Mindset."
It focuses on the Enneagram and how it influences your money management, while embracing Christian values.

URL
---
https://coach.yourenneagramcoach.com/report?t5=64&t4=58&t9=54&t1=52&t7=50&t3=48&t6=48&t2=40&t8=38&coach=thrivent

Results - Summary
-----------------
The Analytical Investigator , Type 5 91%
The Introspective Individualist, Type 4 83%

Results - Copied and Pasted
---------------------------

Congratulations on completing your Enneagram assessment!

Your results are below and will also be emailed to you. Please note that this assessment has been powered by Your Enneagram Coach on behalf of one of our certified coaches.
Your Next Step: Book an Enneagram Coaching Session with your coach!

The very best way to confirm your Enneagram results and use the Enneagram as a tool for growth in your life is to explore your results with the help of a coach. Our follow up email will give you instructions on how to book a coaching session with the certified coach who referred you to this assessment, so be sure to do so right away.
YOUR RESULT:
Type 5
The Analytical Investigator
Perspective
Insightful
Intelligent
Detached
Isolated
Discover the great things about Type 5s

Of all the Enneagram Types, 5s stand out for their insatiable curiosity, hunger for knowledge, independence, and ability to make sense of vast amounts of data. Content to be alone where they can focus and think analytically, they are tuned to structure and strive to maintain a fair, impartial, and non-judgmental view of the world. Their complex thinking, ability to focus, and original way of looking at the world are gifts of wisdom and truth that everyone can benefit from.
What drives Type 5s to think, feel, and behave in particular ways?
their core motivations
Core Fear

Being annihilated, invaded, or not existing; being thought incapable or ignorant; having obligations placed upon you or your energy depleted.
Core Desire

Being capable and competent.
Core Weakness

Avarice—feeling that you lack inner resources and that too much interaction with others will lead to catastrophic depletion; withholding yourself from contact with the world; holding onto your resources, and minimizing your needs.
Core Longing

“Your needs are not a problem.”
KEY MOTIVATIONS

Type 5s want to be capable and competent, master a body of knowledge and skill, explore, remain undisturbed by others, and reduce their reliance on others.
KEY OBJECTIONS

Type 5s fear depletion and do not want to have social or emotional obligations placed on them. They don’t want to be surprised, share their secrets, or be forced to interact beyond what their limited energy reserves will allow.
To learn more and experience accelerated growth, please connect with Thrivent Financial.
Overview of Type 5s At Their Best And Their Worst

Type 5s are perceptive and innovative observers who walk through life with curiosity and a craving to learn new things. Their inquisitive mind can be objective and practical, making wise decisions based on reason and knowledge.

Despite their insatiable thirst for thinking and knowing, they experience the world as an intrusive and overwhelming place. Feeling that life demands too much of them, they focus their attention on conserving their energy and resources to avoid a sense of catastrophic depletion. This intense desire to hoard and control their environment can damage their relationships as they can become extremely private and emotionally distant.

When they navigate life with a desire to protect themselves, Type 5s fear of not knowing or being enough, coupled with their desire for self-sufficiency and avoidance of relying on others, can cause them to withdraw, isolate, and be emotionally distant. They often feel that they must know everything before sharing their insights and fear feeling incompetent, which overwhelms them and causes them to retreat.

This desire for knowledge, independence, and a life free from obligations can strain their relationships since connection, feelings, and vulnerability are natural components of a healthy partnership. They see the demands of living in a relationship with others, but they distance themselves because they feel ill-equipped to meet them. They think the confidence to engage with others will come. Still, they never feel they have enough knowledge or resources to enter into the mysterious and complex world of another person.

Fortunately, when they invest in personal development and experience growth, Type 5s discover that their needs are not a problem. They can begin to be more generous with giving of themselves. They start living not just from their head, but their heart and the whole of who they are. The gift of themselves and their presence, coupled with their great vision, wisdom, and perspective, is helpful to others and meaningful to themselves in ways they couldn’t have imagined.
Your Enneagram Type Probability
YOUR TOP 2 TYPES
Less Likely
Somewhat Likely
Highest Probability
YOUR TOP SCORES
The Analytical Investigator , Type 5
91%
The Introspective Individualist, Type 4
83%

NOTE: Is your top Enneagram Type in the No. 2 position in the table instead of at the top? Here’s how that happened: Toward the end of the assessment, we asked you to choose between statements that featured your top two Enneagram Types. Your responses led to determining the Enneagram Type you see in this report. In your case, your responses eliminated the Enneagram Type that had the highest overall score.
To learn more and experience accelerated growth, please connect with Thrivent Financial.
What is the Enneagram?

The Enneagram (Ennea=9, Gram=Diagram) is simply a map for self-discovery and personal growth. The diagram describes the 9 basic personality types based upon their unique ways of relating to the world.

The Enneagram accurately and clearly describes why you think, feel and behave in particular ways based upon your core fears and core desires.

The power of the Enneagram is in its ability to harness and transform self-defeating behaviors into life-enhancing personal empowerment. The gift of the Enneagram is that through self-discovery, one can create and sustain meaningful and lasting relationships with others, as well as insights into yourself that lead to lasting transformation.
*This assessment and results were powered by Your Enneagram Coach in support of a certified Enneagram coach, Thrivent Financial.

